He Xiaoze, what do you mean by that?
What do you mean?
Your workers are responsible for stealing cultural relics and food
Not only do you have to accept tens of millions in fines
Also closed for investigation
Hey
I heard that this grain group is going public soon.
What happened
I look at the hanging
He Xiaoze, I think this batch of antiques was stolen
You did it.
What does Li Xian say?
Boss Liang, you don't know
This emotionally unstable He Xiaoze
He girl has a grudge against me
Can calmly cooperate with you at this juncture
Interesting, I'm afraid.
Not just trying to bring me down
It may also be your CEO Liang
Did you really do the monk?
Mr. Liang can say whatever he wants
But it's true.
Only business has evidence
Your parents are also siblings
My Buddhist world is no worse than yours
If you slander
I might pursue it to the end
kid
So what if I tell you I did it?
I'm just playing tricks
Your mine stops
I advise you to hand over Song Qingcheng to me quickly
Girl I want you dead that's uglier